seattle mackie
looks like you gonna fit right in
welcome to ambulance 61.
it's emily so she's volunteering in the
coved ward on top of all of that
sounds like her cfd paramedics
looks like an od if he dies
you die we can't treat him here
he's not responding to the narcan we
have to take him to the hospital
couldn't revive him
well if you need anything let me know
first thing i learned here at 51 is
this house you look after each other
you come with zoom girls on fire as long
as you keep it outdoors limited to 10
girls at a time
staying on the couch
so when the lieutenant's test is offered
in a few months
i want you to take it
[Music]
oh my god
[Applause]
[Music]
it's always been you i basically just
told casey that i'm in love with him
i don't know i don't i don't know if he
wants to place for me
i promised dex when he got sick
that i would take care of you and as
much as it pains me to say
i think 51 is exactly the right place
for you
you are my gof superstar
oh maybe next summer once school's out
she was our friend well my chief just
got approval
to hire a part-time assistant you would
make sure that you had time for girls on
fire
wait you rush out of mollies then you
avoid me i'll shift
talk to me
[Music]
me too i think i need to know
if gabby came back to chicago and asked
you to leave with her
would you go i don't know
i'm sorry i i think you should leave
[Music]